Rework binary-search exercise docs (#7)
kytrinyx/problem-specifications: exercises/binary-search/introduction.md

# Introduction

You have stumbled upon a group of mathematicians who are also singer-songwriters.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> They have written songs for all their favorite numbers, and, as you can imagine, they have a lot of favorite numbers.

Reviewer 2: 🤣 I _love_ this!

> They have written songs for all their favorite numbers, and, as you can imagine, they have a lot of favorite numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They have written a song for each of their favorite numbers, and, as you can imagine, they have a lot of favorite numbers.
```

I'd prefer this worded this way (it's much clear to me), but I don't know if there's only one of each number in the tests.

You are curious to hear one of their songs, but with so many numbers to choose from, finding the right song could take a while.

> Fortunately, they have organized their songs in a playlist sorted by the title—which is simply the number that the song is about.

Reviewer 2: The `—` is a special character, right? I find it somewhat awkward to read. To me it renders as "title-which", which looks odd.

Reviewer: It's a long dash - we previously agreed (slash I insisted 😉) that we put a space either side of it, else I find it illegible too, despite the fact the space is optional so it's technically correct (and in fact commonly used)

> You are curious to hear one of their songs, but with so many numbers to choose from, finding the right song could take a while.
> 
> Fortunately, they have organized their songs in a playlist sorted by the title—which is simply the number that the song is about.
> 
> You realize that you can use a binary search algorithm to quickly find a song given the title.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are curious to hear one of their songs, but with so many numbers to choose from, finding the right song could take a while.
Fortunately, they have organized their songs in a playlist sorted by the title—which is simply the number that the song is about.
You realize that you can use a binary search algorithm to quickly find a song given the title.
```

# Introduction

You have stumbled upon a group of mathematicians who are also singer-songwriters.
They have written a song for each of their favorite numbers, and, as you can imagine, they have a lot of favorite numbers.

> You are curious to hear one of their songs, but with so many numbers to choose from, finding the right song could take a while.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You are curious to hear one of their songs, but with so many numbers to choose from, finding the right song could take a while.
```

# Introduction

You have stumbled upon a group of mathematicians who are also singer-songwriters.
They have written a song for each of their favorite numbers, and, as you can imagine, they have a lot of favorite numbers.

> You are curious to hear one of their songs, but with so many numbers to choose from, finding the right song could take a while.

Author: On rereading this I see that it sounds like you would be happy to hear _any song_, not a particular song. I think we need to tweak the wording.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are curious to hear the song for your favourite number, but with so many songs to wad through, finding the right song could take a while.
```

> You are curious to hear one the song for your favorite number, but with so many songs to wade through, finding the right song could take a while.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You are curious to hear the song for your favorite number, but with so many songs to wade through, finding the right song could take a while.
```
